Added Community Forum in README file, added some extra formatting also (#12)
layer5io/gowrk2: README.md

<a href="http://slack.layer5.io"><img alt="Layer5 Service Mesh Community" src=".github/readme/images/community.png" style="margin-right:8px;padding-top:5px;" width="140px" align="left" /></a>

<p>

> ✔️ <em><strong>Join</strong></em> <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1c07UO9dS7_tFD-ClCWHIrEzRnzUJoFQ10EzfJTpS7FY">Weekly Community Meeting</a> on <a href="https://bit.ly/2SbrRhe">Fridays from 10am - 11am Central</a>.<br />

Reviewer: @devansh42 : Need to take reference from <a href="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/blob/master/README.md">Layer5 Readme.md</a>.

> ✔️ <em><strong>Join</strong></em> <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1c07UO9dS7_tFD-ClCWHIrEzRnzUJoFQ10EzfJTpS7FY">Weekly Community Meeting</a> on <a href="https://bit.ly/2SbrRhe">Fridays from 10am - 11am Central</a>.<br />

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
✔️ <em><strong>Join</strong></em> any or all of the weekly meetings on <a href="https://calendar.google.com/calendar/b/1?cid=bGF5ZXI1LmlvX2VoMmFhOWRwZjFnNDBlbHZvYzc2MmpucGhzQGdyb3VwLmNhbGVuZGFyLmdvb2dsZS5jb20">community calendar</a>.<br />
```

✔️ <em><strong>Watch</strong></em> Community <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFL1af7_wdnhHXL1InzaMvA?sub_confirmation=1">Meeting Recordings</a>.<br />

> ✔️ <em><strong>Access</strong></em> the <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/u/4/folders/0ABH8aabN4WAKUk9PVA">Community Drive</a>.<br />

Reviewer 3: I think you should write "Access the community drive by completing a community member form".

Reviewer: @devansh42 : By extending @includestdlibrary suggestion, you have to take same reference as mentioned above with Layer5. :slightly_smiling_face:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
✔️ <em><strong>Access</strong></em> the <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/u/4/folders/0ABH8aabN4WAKUk9PVA">Community Drive</a> by completing a community <a href="https://layer5.io/newcomer">Member Form</a>.<br />
```

Reviewer 2: @devansh42 : Here's the final chnages! :slightly_smiling_face:

> ✔️ <em><strong>Discuss</strong></em> in the <a href="https://discuss.layer5.io">Community Forum</a>.<br />

Reviewer 2: @devansh42 : Thanks for adding this! :slightly_smiling_face: 
Need some sort of changes!

Author: @amino19 I'm a little bit confused here, please help me out in resolving these pull request issues, like what exactly we want or if there is an example implementation.

Reviewer 2: @devansh42 : I suggest you the changes above; for reference you can add points as similar to <a href="https://github.com/meshery/meshery/blob/master/README.md/"> this</a>!

Reviewer 4: @devansh42 Could you ping me on slack?
We can get on a call tomorrow and I can help you resolve this :)

Reviewer 2: @devansh42 : Thanks, the current commit looks good! :)

Author: @amino19 Shall we merge this request?

Reviewer 2: @devansh42 : Clearly, @adithyaakrishna have a crown here!
Pl take this to you end :slightly_smiling_face: 

LGTM! :partying_face:

<a href="http://slack.layer5.io"><img alt="Layer5 Service Mesh Community" src=".github/readme/images/community.png" style="margin-right:8px;padding-top:5px;" width="140px" align="left" /></a>

<p>
✔️ <em><strong>Join</strong></em> <a href="https://drive.google.com/open?id=1c07UO9dS7_tFD-ClCWHIrEzRnzUJoFQ10EzfJTpS7FY">Weekly Community Meeting</a> on <a href="https://bit.ly/2SbrRhe">Fridays from 10am - 11am Central</a>.<br />
✔️ <em><strong>Watch</strong></em> Community <a href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCFL1af7_wdnhHXL1InzaMvA?sub_confirmation=1">Meeting Recordings</a>.<br />
✔️ <em><strong>Access</strong></em> the <a href="https://drive.google.com/drive/u/4/folders/0ABH8aabN4WAKUk9PVA">Community Drive</a>.<br />
✔️ <em><strong>Discuss</strong></em> in the <a href="https://discuss.layer5.io">Community Forum</a>.<br />

> 

Reviewer 2: @devansh42 : Pl remove this space b/w. `Line 25` & `Line 26`.
Also, signed-off your commit by clicking <a href="https://github.com/layer5io/gowrk2/pull/12/checks?check_run_id=2965655174">here</a>, & simply run the command in your code editor shell.

Author: I have made the changes as you asked for.

Reviewer 2: @devansh42 : Also need to signed-off your commit, as said previously :slightly_smiling_face: 
Wanna learn more, go through <a href="https://github.com/layer5io/layer5/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md">this</a>.

Author: I'm done with signing off the commits. Pardon me for these noob activities.

Reviewer 2: @devansh42: I think, you didn't notice that `unverified` signature, Pl check whether you are using right means to commit.

@adithyaakrishna : Sir, pl take this to your end. :slightly_smiling_face:

Author: @amino19 I have added my gpg key, it's now verified.
